README.md, before:

# Awesome Talks

> The talks I loved watching, and think you will too.

Based on the [awesome](http://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)-list phenomenon.
This is a personal list only. If you have a great talk to recommend, please open
a PR.

### Table of Contents

- [Rails](#rails)
- [Internet](#internet)
- [Startups](#startups)
- [Bitcoin](#bitcoin)

<hr>

### Internet

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[The Networked Society, on the Brink (20:56)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wqm6G5DjaI) | Documentary | A 21 minute documentary released in 2012, about how the Internet will change society as a whole in the next 10 years. How having plants networked, and tweeting, just as people do, will be what will make going to universities for knowledge seem weird, a few years down the line. `The Internet will change more in the next 10 years, than it did in the last 50 years. So, buckle up!`
[WikiRebels: The Documentary (1 hour)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhTfOL9_HBE&index=1&list=PL6D8EE2E0B836F096) | Documentary featuring Julian Assange, Daniel Domscheit-Berg, et al | The roller coaster journey of WikiLeaks, the beginning, the boom, the doubts and the suspicions, the allegations on Assange. All of this, circumvented by the truth that they brought out into the world. `A democracy without transparency is not a democracy, it is just an empty word`.

### Rails

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[Rails Conf 2014 Keynote: Writing Software (01:01:17)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LfmrkyP81M) | David Heinemeier Hansson | This talk is about the differences between hard computer science and writing software, or _building information systems_. Why the two are not the same, (the piano-manufacturers and the pianists analogy) and what happens when people doing the latter, aspire to be the former, and why this aspiration to be a _computer scientist_ as opposed to a _software writer_ is not only bad for them, but also for the code they write, read TDD.
[Fireside chat with Tom Preston-Werner (02:12:29)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ms-8GcZXiDA) | Tom Preston-Werner | A long chat about the speaker's rise from being in college, to being the founder of GitHub, the reason he went ahead and started a company, and why he eventually took venture capital from Andreessen Horowitz. He also talks about 12-hour long programming sessions to build GitHub, and how it affected his personal life.
[What the Tech Industry learnt from Linus Torvalds (18 mins)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XTHdcmjenI) | Jim Zemlin | A fun-filled talk about the omni-presence of Linux, collaborating productively, and the grand collaboration that lead to Linux and keeps it going still. _All of us are smarter than any one of us_
[Aalto Talk (01:03:55)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MShbP3OpASA) | Linus Torvalds | The origins of linux, and a Question-Answer session with various questions about Linus' attitude on the internet, and his views about Desktop linux, among a lot of other questions. _I don't think that everyone should program, but whoever has an aptitude for programming must not be left out_
[Write and submit your first Linux kernel patch (31 mins)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXix80GCvpo) | Greg Kroah-Hartman | Just what the title says!
[GitHub flavoured Ruby](https://vimeo.com/31204785) | Tom Preston-Werner | A talk in the early days of GitHub that proposes a system for writing good Ruby. Most of the recommendations here end up making Ruby into something like Java, and the system called TomDoc is basically JavaDoc minus the generation features. Overall a fun talk to watch!

#### Startups

[Dublin Web Summit (17 mins)](https://vimeo.com/146838332) | Jeff Lawson | When should you do a start-up, and the conviction you need in an idea to make it work.

#### Bitcoin

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[All-star panel at the Bitcoin Investor Conference 2015](https://youtu.be/LdvQTwjVmrE) | Various | The talk that probably led to a huge scandal about whether or not [Dr. Craig Wright](https://www.quora.com/Is-Craig-Wright-Satoshi-Nakamoto/answer/Jimmy-Wales) is Satoshi Nakamoto! Interesting discussion about Money, Property. More abstract topics in this discussion include noting history that can be hashed for years and years, and how the blockchain can prove governmental honesty.

Commit message:

add the talk about TLS 1.3 by Filippo

README.md, after:

# Awesome Talks

> The talks I loved watching, and think you will too.

Based on the [awesome](http://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)-list phenomenon.
This is a personal list only. If you have a great talk to recommend, please open
a PR.

### Table of Contents

- [Rails](#rails)
- [Internet](#internet)
- [Startups](#startups)
- [Bitcoin](#bitcoin)
- [Cryptography](#cryptography)

<hr>

### Internet

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[The Networked Society, on the Brink (20:56)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wqm6G5DjaI) | Documentary | A 21 minute documentary released in 2012, about how the Internet will change society as a whole in the next 10 years. How having plants networked, and tweeting, just as people do, will be what will make going to universities for knowledge seem weird, a few years down the line. `The Internet will change more in the next 10 years, than it did in the last 50 years. So, buckle up!`
[WikiRebels: The Documentary (1 hour)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhTfOL9_HBE&index=1&list=PL6D8EE2E0B836F096) | Documentary featuring Julian Assange, Daniel Domscheit-Berg, et al | The roller coaster journey of WikiLeaks, the beginning, the boom, the doubts and the suspicions, the allegations on Assange. All of this, circumvented by the truth that they brought out into the world. `A democracy without transparency is not a democracy, it is just an empty word`.

### Cryptography

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[Deploying TLS 1.3: the great, the good and the bad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0opakLwtPWk) | Filippo Valsorda, Nick Sullivan | An hour-long talk about the move from TLS 1.2 to 1.3, what has changed, what's better, 0-RTT resumptions, features which were being tugged along for legacy reasons which were dropped in 1.3

### Rails

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[Rails Conf 2014 Keynote: Writing Software (01:01:17)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LfmrkyP81M) | David Heinemeier Hansson | This talk is about the differences between hard computer science and writing software, or _building information systems_. Why the two are not the same, (the piano-manufacturers and the pianists analogy) and what happens when people doing the latter, aspire to be the former, and why this aspiration to be a _computer scientist_ as opposed to a _software writer_ is not only bad for them, but also for the code they write, read TDD.
[Fireside chat with Tom Preston-Werner (02:12:29)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ms-8GcZXiDA) | Tom Preston-Werner | A long chat about the speaker's rise from being in college, to being the founder of GitHub, the reason he went ahead and started a company, and why he eventually took venture capital from Andreessen Horowitz. He also talks about 12-hour long programming sessions to build GitHub, and how it affected his personal life.
[What the Tech Industry learnt from Linus Torvalds (18 mins)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XTHdcmjenI) | Jim Zemlin | A fun-filled talk about the omni-presence of Linux, collaborating productively, and the grand collaboration that lead to Linux and keeps it going still. _All of us are smarter than any one of us_
[Aalto Talk (01:03:55)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MShbP3OpASA) | Linus Torvalds | The origins of linux, and a Question-Answer session with various questions about Linus' attitude on the internet, and his views about Desktop linux, among a lot of other questions. _I don't think that everyone should program, but whoever has an aptitude for programming must not be left out_
[Write and submit your first Linux kernel patch (31 mins)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXix80GCvpo) | Greg Kroah-Hartman | Just what the title says!
[GitHub flavoured Ruby](https://vimeo.com/31204785) | Tom Preston-Werner | A talk in the early days of GitHub that proposes a system for writing good Ruby. Most of the recommendations here end up making Ruby into something like Java, and the system called TomDoc is basically JavaDoc minus the generation features. Overall a fun talk to watch!

#### Startups

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[Dublin Web Summit (17 mins)](https://vimeo.com/146838332) | Jeff Lawson | When should you do a start-up, and the conviction you need in an idea to make it work.

#### Bitcoin

**Title of the talk** | **Speaker** | **Gist of the talk**
:---: | :---: | :---
[All-star panel at the Bitcoin Investor Conference 2015](https://youtu.be/LdvQTwjVmrE) | Various | The talk that probably led to a huge scandal about whether or not [Dr. Craig Wright](https://www.quora.com/Is-Craig-Wright-Satoshi-Nakamoto/answer/Jimmy-Wales) is Satoshi Nakamoto! Interesting discussion about Money, Property. More abstract topics in this discussion include noting history that can be hashed for years and years, and how the blockchain can prove governmental honesty.
